# Text-Editor
 Java based text editor that uses swing library of java. Implemented with features like the menu, fonts, colors and close buttons.

The project is based on “Text Editor”. A text editor is a type of program used for editing
plain text files. A plain text file is represented and edited by showing all the characters as they are present in the file. The only characters usable for 'mark-up' are the control characters of the used character set; in practice this is newline, tab and form feed. The most commonly used character set is ASCII, especially recently, as plain text files are more often being used for programming and configuration, and less frequently for documentation (e.g. detailed instructions, user guides) than in the past. Our text editor provides basic features of an editor. File menu (open, save, print and new ) – most editors provide methods to open new/ existing file, save the file and to print the file. Edit menu (Cut, copy, and paste) - most text editors provide methods to duplicate and move text within the file, or between files. Multiple font colors – The editor provides different font colors to make a text more interactive and attractive. Fonts– the editor provides all fonts that can be used to make a text more appealing. Close button to close the editor. It is made using Java Swings and AWT. In this project all the frames are designed in Swing. Swing is a set of classes that provides more powerful and flexible GUI components than does the AWT. Swing provides the look and feel of the modern Java GUI.
